Docs improvements from @jyu00 and rename Latest updates to Changelog (#4964)
Qiskit/documentation: docs/guides/calibration-jobs.mdx

Daily benchmarking gives a comprehensive view of quantum computer performance and generates the metrics sent to users through Qiskit. They help users choose qubits, optimize compilations, and better anticipate expected circuit performance. You can view reported numbers either programmatically or on the [Compute resources](https://quantum.cloud.ibm.com/computers) page (click any QPU to open its detailed information card). Find more details about each metric in the [documentation](/docs/guides/qpu-information).

<Admonition type="tip" title="Device drift">

> The impact of device drift (hardware performance that degrades over time) depends on many factors, such as when calibrations were last run, the specific experiment performed, any TLS activities, and so on. If a particular workload is very sensitive to error values of device parameters, you can perform a real-time benchmarking of the device parameters by following [this tutorial](/docs/tutorials/real-time-benchmarking-for-qubit-selection) in IBM Quantum Learning .

Reviewer: Do we need to define TLS?

Author: It is defined earlier in the page

> The impact of device drift (hardware performance that degrades over time) depends on many factors, such as when calibrations were last run, the specific experiment performed, any TLS activities, and so on. If a particular workload is very sensitive to error values of device parameters, you can perform a real-time benchmarking of the device parameters by following [this tutorial](/docs/tutorials/real-time-benchmarking-for-qubit-selection) in IBM Quantum Learning .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The impact of device drift (hardware performance that degrades over time) depends on many factors, such as when calibrations were last run, the specific experiment performed, any TLS activities, and so on. If a particular workload is very sensitive to device parameters' error values, you can perform a real-time device parameter benchmarking by following [this tutorial](/docs/tutorials/real-time-benchmarking-for-qubit-selection) in IBM Quantum Learning.
```

Reviewer: Are we supposed to mention that tutorials are in Learning?  I never do.

Author: It's not a rule that I'm aware of!
